Welcome everyone.
It's now time to test your skills so we went over in the section of the course by going through an assessment
and this lecture will have an overview of the assessment questions and the next lecture will go over
the solutions.
Let's get started by checking out the assessment notebook.
OK here we have the assessment notebook for this assessment.
We're going to be using a short story the tale of Peter Rabbit from 1982.
It's in the public domain and we here we have a cell that you can run for standard imports such a Speccy.
Loading up this library and importing displays.
First we want you to create a doc file or dock object from the file.
Peter Rabbit TSC it's nifty.
Text Files folder.
Then for every token in the third sentence print the token text the speech tag the fine grained tag
and the description of the fine green tag and see if you can format it nicely so it looks something
like this.
Next we wanted to provide a frequency list of parts of speech tags from the entire document.
So remember there's a way to actually count the frequency of each part of speech after that for a challenge.
We asked what percentage of all the tokens are nouns and the id attribute for noun is 91 and you should
get around 14 percent.
The next task is to display the dependency parts for the third sentence.
And really what that is is it's using display C to render with the style the E.P..
So keep in mind this is not actually what it should look like.
Instead he should be performing the visualization of it.
Essentially that visualization for syntactic dependencies.
Next we wanted to show the first two named entities from the Tale of Peter Rabbit.
So what are those first two named entities.
They should be these two the tale of Peter Rabbit.
It's a work of art.
And Beatrix Potter which is a person seven is how many sentences are actually contained in the Tale
of Peter Rabbit.
Remember we talked about sentence segmentation.
And as a challenge how many sentences actually contained named entities.
And another challenge problem is to display the named entity visualization for the indexed one list
of sentences from the previous problem and it should look something like this a work of art a person
and then a date.
OK.
Best of luck on the assessment.
We're going to go over the solutions in the next lecture.
We'll see either.